# Open Science Project
The emerging level of education dictates new conditions for changing learning spaces. The main feature of the modern educational environment is the adapting conditions to the needs of students. The majority of students need specific environments in which they can study and achieve their goals. One of the requests of students is the organization of informal learning spaces. The popularity of informal places in the educational environment is steadily increasing. They are considered to have a positive effect on the student performance. 

However, the precise methods of the evaluation of the above-mentioned impact are uncertain. Here we show different ways of analyzing and identifying the link between so-called informal learning spaces and students' performance. We have found that many factors, both internal and external, depend on the choice of informal study space. The correlation of these factors helps explain the emergence of a gap between formal and informal places, as well as explain the importance of the organization of informal places in educational institutions. Using the example of a single educational institution: Learning Planet Institute (LPI), our results show which places are in demand with students. What reasons students have for choosing them, as well as what might be a hindrance to productivity. We anticipate that our research can be a starting point for a more sophisticated and wider exploration of the impact of informal spaces on students' performance. 
